So I told you.
How could Xiao Junlin be forgiven by the Chu family?
It turned out that he relied on brute force
Beat people up like that
It's over, it's over, it's over
This time the innocence is going to collapse
Xiao Junlin
What good did you do when you went out last night?
Oops King's Landing
Don't be so impatient
How are we going to end this?
I rely on my brother-in-law
You are too cruel
King's Landing, you're too impulsive
I am a century-old industrialist
It was destroyed by an outsider
Xiao Junlin, you have caused such a catastrophe
What do you say?
Not much to do
What do you mean?
Are you going to make my Ye family a big family?
Accompany you to die?
I think he's a lunatic
All right.
Don't say another word.
Pack up quickly
Get ready to move
Moving grandma
Where are we going?
I am the ancestor of the Ye family
I once considered that the Ye family would one day
There will be extinction.
He left a house in Nandu
This house
hidden location
It's our Ye family
The last place to go to save your life
Before you find out
Just go.
grandma
Are you running away?
The Ye family is going to end
What is it if you don't run?
But our whole family
There's so much more.
How do we go?
You have the nerve to say family
It's all because of your family's disaster
Are you still laughing there?
Little Junni, our Ye family is about to face disaster
What are you laughing about?
I laugh.
The Ye family is a group of soft
I don't understand.
It is also a first-class family in Shangjing
Why did your Ye family build the Chu family?
It's worse than a rat building a cat